or not
if another encounter with the truth the only
true the one who lives here in this study
with this panel of qualified where today
we have the pleasant presence of Miguel
granados olive student careers
that have not yet been invented is of
cardo beltrán licensed in almost everything
Juan Faerman
heir of the seamonkey empire
and natalia natalia
because it's homework because you do not
you remember how you call yourself for nothing and today
a subject go theme this is not the
times the moon the lands are already in
sales and here the surprise that already more than
2,000 Argentines have bought their lot in
the moon what locates Argentina as
second country at the South American level of more
lots bought on the moon is a
problem that creeps since very young
because this when I was little and I was
there in the middle of payment I 'm going from this
for there for here that not to study left
of the one with the biggest one is on the moon
swollen then what happens
he resented angry about that and
now big has silver says and now
that I'm going to the moon and we come from
cinema something more back is wrong is fine
I have my money I'm going to buy the moon
it's clear as an emotional residue of
our childhood and adolescence that
have crushed us so much with that
even today can live arrives
I live and one even gives the possibility of
specify it no more than 2,000 Argentines
they already bought a lot on the moon
on youtube a big will in a
house that is in charge of having to
realize you called light the fact
I completed pieces of this apple
complete here on the moon I want to go
show me we are clear they are here before
of this one and I've also read a lot in
near the internet that on the coasts
from the Pacific Ocean have found
many cadets because that is what
pass
you buy you talk to the office of
there's a 0 0 I do not know how many
numbers you speak sends you in the cadet
when it enters the atmosphere with the
writing in the fridge box that
has refrigerators that is saved but the
Cadet is set on fire by prison
of love like apollo 13 and the
zanella to water and ask them well
with the same tide carry leads
to clear light coast can carry
from two pizzas to one kilo of ice cream
at the same time it brings us to brings brings in
this case brings the writing go many
they stay there waiting for the lack of
order and send them but once in the
nobody specific also in the
conditions that will deliver that
ground
because I do not know what we buy we buy sps
of surface but
sewer lighting crater and if you get a
crater of a crater and of a visit of
15 16 millimeters
solves it with a deck exactly the
that goes to the moon already previously
supposed to talk to an engineer a
architect is not going to not take the plane
I went with the thermos and solá no polis no
have black leaks if it's true 2012
water who happens first of women children
papo writing we did not see the only thing that
bought the moon when as I video I
throws the supposedly good rubber has to
have to see if he has to see that
turn on and drink white wine
drunk
what an earthly opinion the position of
gentleman not if you want to add him
anything else
I think we will close this topic well
friends we have exhausted this subject until the
next meeting to talk without knowing
many thanks
or not
everyone